More THM docs: materials, actions, scalaraux, vpps, some pps (#24725)
idaholab/moose: modules/thermal_hydraulics/doc/content/source/postprocessors/MomentumFluxIntegral.md

# MomentumFluxIntegral

!syntax description /Postprocessors/MomentumFluxIntegral

The integral of the momentum flux $I_M$ over boundary $\partial \Omega$ is:

!equation

> I_M = \int_{\partial \Omega} arhouA * velocity + \alpha * p * A d\partial \Omega

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I_M = \int_{\partial \Omega} \alpha \rho u^2 A + \alpha p A d\partial \Omega
```

> with $arhouA$ the conserved phase momentum, $velocity$ the boundary 1D velocity,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with $\alpha \rho u A$ the conserved phase momentum, $u$ the boundary 1D velocity,
```
